{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 References:
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 A. Hicks and B. M. Notaro\'9a, "Method for Classification of Snowflakes Based on Images by a Multi-Angle Snowflake Camera Using Convolutional Neural Networks," 
\f2\i Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology
\f1\i0 , vol. 36, no. 12, pp. 2267\'962282, 2019.
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 A. Joy, \'93Cats and Dogs Image Classification using Keras,\'94 
\f2\i Pythonista Planet
\f1\i0 , 11-Apr-2020. [Online]. Available: https://www.pythonistaplanet.com/image-classification-using-deep-learning/. [Accessed: 18-Apr-2020].
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \'a0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 L. Kang, "Wave Monitoring Based on Improved Convolution Neural Network," 
\f2\i Journal of Coastal Research
\f1\i0 , vol. 94, no. sp1, p. 186, Sep. 2019.
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 J. Brownlee, \'93How to Classify Photos of Dogs and Cats (with 97% accuracy),\'94 
\f2\i Machine Learning Mastery
\f1\i0 , 03-Oct-2019. [Online]. Available: https://machinelearningmastery.com/how-to-develop-a-convolutional-neural-network-to-classify-photos-of-dogs-and-cats/. [Accessed: 18-Apr-2020].
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 J. Brownlee, \'93How to Configure Image Data Augmentation in Keras,\'94 
\f2\i Machine Learning Mastery
\f1\i0 , 05-Jul-2019. [Online]. Available: https://machinelearningmastery.com/how-to-configure-image-data-augmentation-when-training-deep-learning-neural-networks/. [Accessed: 18-Apr-2020].
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Jfilter, \'93jfilter/split-folders,\'94 
\f2\i GitHub
\f1\i0 , 30-Jul-2019. [Online]. Available: https://github.com/jfilter/split-folders. [Accessed: 18-Apr-2020].
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Uysimty, \'93Keras CNN Dog or Cat Classification,\'94 
\f2\i Kaggle
\f1\i0 , 16-Jun-2019. [Online]. Available: https://www.kaggle.com/uysimty/keras-cnn-dog-or-cat-classification. [Accessed: 18-Apr-2020].}